{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Documentation \'96 Visual Thinking Lens\
\
This folder contains **conceptual briefs, whitepapers, and interpretive notes** for the Visual Thinking Lens (VTL).  \
All documents are **watermarked, read-only**, and published for research reference only.\
\
---\
\
## 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56536 
\f0  Included Documents\
\
- **A Constraint Dialectic Engine for Recursive Image + Symbolic Critique** \'96 How the Lens engine is unique and why it is different. [PDF](Dialectic_Engine_Recursive_Symbolic_Critiques)\
- **Visual Thinking Lens Stack** \'96 Overview of the recursive cognitive architecture powering VTL. [PDF](visual-thinking-lens-stack.pdf)\
- **Introduction: Sketcher Lens** \'96 Conceptual framing of the structural critique engine (no scoring or axis details disclosed). [PDF](introduction-sketcher-lens.pdf)\
- **Sketcher as Scaffold: How the Lens Rewrites GPT's Reflex** - Sketcher Lens interrupts GPT’s generative reflex by applying prompt-level scaffolding that forces structural consequence into the image. [PDF](Sketcher_Scaffold_The_Lens_rewrites_GPT_Reflex.pdf)
- **Artist's Lens (Brief Explanation)** \'96 Poise, restraint, and delay as structural forces in visual reasoning. [PDF](artist-lens-brief-explanation.pdf)\
- **Working Theory** \'96 A high-level theory of visual consequence as a benchmark for intelligence. [PDF](visual-thinking-lens-working-theory.pdf)\
- **How Models Fake Seeing** \'96 Diagnosing simulated vision in generative models and the gap between surface coherence and structural intelligence. [PDF](how-models-fake-seeing.pdf)\
- **Whisperer Walk: Recursive Compression into Spatial Realization** \'96 A recursive visual study revealing how symbolic tension and spatial logic emerge across AI-generated imagery under structured critique. [PDF](Recursive-Compression-Spatial-Realization.pdf)\
- **Visual Systems at the Edge of Contradiction** \'96 Materializing tension and generative refusal as design tools. [PDF](visual-systems-at-the-edge-of-contradiction.pdf)\
- **Constraint Layer & Logic Tags** \'96 How structural prompts and tags enforce pressure over aesthetics. [PDF](constraint-layer-and-logic-tags.pdf)\
- **Prompting Against Collapse (Dialectic Structures)** \'96 Principles for embedding contradiction and tension into prompts, avoiding list-based prompting. [PDF](prompting-against-collapse-dialectic-structures.pdf)\
- **Concept Note: Volumetric Container of Force (VCF)** \'96 A validator concept for detecting internal image strain, published at a high level. [PDF](concept-note-volumetric-container-of-force.pdf)\
- **Recursive Intelligence Under Constraint** \'96 A canonical artifact showing how breakdowns become structural meaning under recursive pressure. [PDF](recursive-intelligence-under-constraint.pdf)\
- **Bending the Tokens: Structural Pressure for AI Imagery** - Deconstructing generative images to reshape underlying architecture. [PDF](Bending_the_Tokens.pdf)
\
---\
\
## License\
\
All documents \'a9 2025 Russell Parrish / A.rtist I.nfluencer.  \
Published under **CC BY-NC-ND 4.0** with **no AI training, dataset scraping, or derivative use** permitted.  \
See `/legal/` for full license terms.}
