{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Case Studies \'96 Visual Thinking Lens\
\
This folder contains **evidence-based research artifacts** showing the Visual Thinking Lens in action.  \
Each case study documents how generative images behave under structural constraint, recursive pressure, or symbolic rupture.  \
All files are **watermarked PDFs** and protected from reuse or dataset inclusion.\
\
---\
\
## 
\f1 \uc0\u55358 \u56810 
\f0  Included Case Studies\
\
- **Opportunity Mapping \'96 Pressure, Not Perfection**  \
  Maps where images invite expansion or recursion under constraint, without intervention. [PDF](case-opportunity-mapping.pdf)\
\
- **Where the Mark Begins \'96 Tonal Hierarchy Precedes Expressive Surface**  \
  Shows why tonal structure is a precondition for meaningful markmaking in generative imagery. [PDF](case-where-the-mark-begins.pdf)\
\
- **Engine Contrast \'96 Same Prompt, Different Collapse**  \
  Compares how multiple engines respond to identical prompts, exposing different structural failure modes. [PDF](case-engine-contrast.pdf)\
\
- **Symbolic Recursion \'96 Marrowline Critique: Refusal as Structure**  \
  Demonstrates how absence, echo, and refusal become meaning under recursive critique. [PDF](case-symbolic-recursion.pdf)\
\
- **Recursive Prompt Design \'96 Architectural Recursion Instead of Style Tweaks**  \
  When critique itself becomes the next prompt, restructuring composition rather than decoration. [PDF](case-recursive-prompt-design.pdf)\
\
- **Constraint Gravity \'96 Thirty Figures Without Collapse**  \
  Tests machine restraint and figure stability across thirty recursive generations. [PDF](case-constraint-gravity-thirty-figures.pdf)\
\
- **Soft Collapse \'96 Rebuilding Through Recursive Pressure**  \
  Shows how a failing image regains structure through tension, not surface changes. [PDF](case-soft-collapse.pdf)\
\
- **Concert Score \'96 A Single Image Under Recursive Walkthrough**  \
  A full-step trace of one image under the Sketcher Lens, documenting how structural strain is revealed and scored. [PDF](case-concert-score.pdf)\
\
---\
\
## License\
\
All case studies \'a9 2025 Russell Parrish / A.rtist I.nfluencer.  \
Protected under **CC BY-NC-ND 4.0**, with explicit prohibition on:\
- AI/ML dataset scraping or model training use\
- Derivative generation or prompt extraction\
\
See `/legal/` for complete terms.}